# v1

## Questions I want to answer

- [ ] Can we even play the game?
- [ ] How many riddles do I need for first launch?
- [ ] What is the lowest feasible version of the game that is still usable?
- [ ] What size should our art assets be:
  - [ ] Open Screen
  - [ ] World View
    - [ ] What is the smallest top bar we can make?
  - [ ] Level and Riddle (They would be the same size)
    - [ ] What is the smallest closed keyboard can we use?
	- [ ] What is smallest riddle selector we could use?
- [ ] Is the Keyboard Useable
- [ ] Do you want to be able to view the riddles you have already solved?
- [ ] What is the difference in the difficulty of basic and basic plus?

Build everything so we can test it internally. Make sure base functionality works.

### Tests
 
 - [ ] All needed tests pass in validate_json.py
   - [ ] JSON Lint
   - [ ] Foreign Key Relationships
   - [ ] Referenced assets actually exist

### Mockups

- [ ] Start Up screen
  - [ ] First Time create an account #maybe a walkthrough or description eventually will have facebook connect.
  - [ ] Welcome Screen
- [ ] Settings
  - [ ] Beta Tools
- [ ] World View
- [ ] Mode View
- [ ] Level View
  - [ ] Riddle View
  - [ ] Riddle Keyboard 1.0
    - [ ] Keyboard Closed
    - [ ] Keyboard Open
  - [ ] Answer Right
  - [ ] Answer Wrong
 

### Features

All on the top bar somehow... (I think I can I think I can)
- [ ] Lives
- [ ] Hints
- [ ] Free Answers
- [ ] Score
- [ ] Tingots

Beta Tools
- [ ] Wipe data (contextually give options to clear a part of your DB
  - [ ] Wipe data World
  - [ ] Wipe data Mode
  - [ ] Wipe data Level


### Assets
 
- [ ] So many riddles.... 61/XX
- [ ] Welcome Screen Background
- [ ] World View Background
- [ ] Level View
  - [ ] Basic (d1)
  - [ ] Basic Extra (d2)
- [ ] Music? (I can write and record this)
- [ ] Fonts
- [ ] Difficulty Images
- [ ] Temp Logo
 

 
 