# Notes
First I am really grateful for you taking a look at this for me. I tried to hide my giddy excitement when you responded but it was there. Trust me. What I don't want to have happen is you spend a few days helping me get set up and then have me keep pinging you for help when you don't have time later. I want to do whatever I can to make this as easy for you as possible. These are some of the things I thought up.

###### Disclaimer
>Before I get into that. As you read my notes you may notice I have a problem... I like to think big. But, don't worry. I am fine starting small and proving the concept. Sort of "looking far but taking small steps". I just have a lot of ideas about things and I want to make sure I write them down incase we do use them. I am not tied to any of them personally and I understand the idea may evolve to something else entirely. The success of the app and it's goal is my number one priority. I am tottally fine being wrong.

#### How to make things easier for you... maybe?

I have been trying to think of a way to make it easy for me to edit without you needing to go in and edit things or even redeploy the app. It could just sync updates. I thought of two ways that might work, but if you have better ones let me know. We could make an easy django app and just use the admin interface to add Riddles and change settings. Or, We could just use a git repo either hosted somewhere or maybe even github (If the app gets popular I don't think it would be fair to them to start 1,000,000 pulls at once). The settings files could be in json and the riddles and the riddles groups as well so the app could just pull changes when it notices there is an update to the git repo. Do you think this could work? Even if I write thousands of riddles it still wouldn't be that big of a json file. Then your app could update the DB in the app itself when it needs to. It would pull resources from a Google-Storge-Bin I'll make for it. If it is okay with you I would like to use Google Cloud Stuff to power the backend. I think it would be less admin work for me and adding stuff to the storage backend I can even do with their web interface which would be really easy as I get more assets like background art, animation, and sound files made.

Let me set up a sample of what the settings and riddles could be. I also don't know how painful this would be for you on your end. My goal is just to help minimise your time spend into the program, so if I am doing something that makes it harder I am more than willing to change to what works for you.

There are also a few things you could do on your end to make it a lot easier for me to manage the riddles on my end. A few abstractions of things (that might not be the right word). I'll write more about it throughout the documentation.